fix: Default branch fixes (#1884)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: website/docs/advanced-concepts/version-control-with-git/environments-with-git.md

:::info 

> If you are an enterprise user, you can choose a different branch as the default, offering customization based on specific project requirements or preferences. Learn more about [Default branch](/advanced-concepts/version-control-with-git/working-with-branches#default-branch).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are an enterprise user, you can set a [Default branch](/advanced-concepts/version-control-with-git/working-with-branches#default-branch) and [Branch protection](/advanced-concepts/version-control-with-git/working-with-branches#branch-protection), ensuring code quality, collaboration, and stability in a collaborative development environment. 
```

> Additionally, you can add multiple branches to branch protection for additional security measures. Learn more about [Branch protection](/advanced-concepts/version-control-with-git/working-with-branches#branch-protection).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
